1. Ensure to take original bill or challan copy after due delivery of articles to be processed.
2. Original bill or challan copy needs to be presented at the time of delivery of processed articles.
If original bill or challan is lost or could not be produced at the time of delivery, the delivery of processed article shall be made to the owner only after verifying his/her credential.
3. Express/Urgent delivery of articles would be charged 50% extra over the regular tariff.
4. Customers are requested to examine the articles at the time of delivery; we would not be held responsible for any damages that are found after delivery of processed articles
5. If not satisfied with the quality of any service offered, customers should get in touch with the store or the company within 24 hours for resolution
6. We are not responsible for fastness, colour bleed, colour running, shrinkage, damages to embellishments or embroidery work on the articles during processing
7. At iWash Hub, we would be putting in our best efforts to remove any stains or unwanted marks on the clothes; however we cannot guarantee 100% removal of stains or marks. Customers will have no claim whatsoever or no rights to ask for deduction in processing charges on account of this.
8. We follow a “No Claim” policy. All articles are accepted at customers’ risk. We shall not be held responsible for damage to articles that cannot withstand the normal cleaning or dry-cleaning process. We shall not be held responsible for articles that are damaged due to the ageing process of inferior quality of clothes.
9. We shall not be held responsible for any ornaments or jewelry fittings on your clothes getting damaged during the processing.
10. We shall not be held responsible for shrinkage, damage, cuts, holes, scratches, stains etc. becoming apparent during the wash process due to defective manufacturing, adulteration, deterioration, wear & tear, and exposure to environment.
11. We put in our best efforts to ensure timely pick-up and delivery; however, there might be incidents beyond our control or incidences of Force Majeure where we are unable to stick to the timelines. In such cases, customer cannot claim any compensation, refunds or any reduction in charges.
12. We would not take any responsibility for the clothes of the customer beyond 3 (three)weeks of the scheduled delivery date.
13. We accept no liability for any loss or damage to clothes arising due to fire, burglary etc. which are beyond our control or similar incidences.
14. We would not take any responsibility for valuables/article/cash, etc. inadvertently kept in the articles which is mutilated or unrecoverable after processing.
15. Tariff for designer wear, high-end fabric-based clothes or complex article pieces would be decided on a case-to-case basis. This pricing would be communicated to the customer directly at the store once the article has been examined by the experts present at the stores.
16. In case any piece of article or linen gets damaged during the processing for any reasons other than the ones outlined above, the compensation for the customer would be limited to 10 times the value of the charges specified to the customer for the processing or INR 3000, whichever is lower.
17. All disputes are subject to the jurisdiction of courts in Lucknow only.
18. Urhy Asepsis Services and Consultants Pvt Ltd  reserves the rights to cancel/modify/change the terms and conditions at any point in time without any prior intimation or notice.
